c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\bin\Debug\Matrices.exe
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\bin\Debug\Matrices.pdb
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\bin\Debug\Matrices.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\Matrices.exe
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\Matrices.pdb
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\OperacionesDobles.g.i.cs
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\OperacionesDobles.g.cs
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\OperacionesDobles.xaml
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\Resultado.g.i.cs
C:\Users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\Resultado.g.cs
C:\Users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\Resultado.xaml
C:\Users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\OperacionesSimples.g.i.cs
C:\Users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\OperacionesSimples.g.cs
C:\Users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\OperacionesSimples.xaml
C:\Users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\OperacionesUnarias.g.i.cs
C:\Users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\OperacionesUnarias.g.cs
C:\Users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\OperacionesUnarias.xaml
C:\Users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\SistemaDeEcuaciones.g.i.cs
C:\Users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\SistemaDeEcuaciones.g.cs
C:\Users\igonz_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Matrices\Matrices\obj\Debug\SistemaDeEcuaciones.xaml
